Adding export contact list content to Automation docs (#4941)
sendgrid/docs: content/docs/ui/sending-email/getting-started-with-automation.md

1. Repeat steps 5-16 from creating a custom automation.

## Add contacts

> Adding contacts to a list that's designated as the entry criteria for an automation will trigger that automation. The Automation beta experience offers several ways to add contacts to lists, including CSV upload and signup forms. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adding contacts to a list that's designated as the entry criteria for an automation will trigger that automation. The Automation beta experience offers several ways to add contacts to lists, including CSV upload, using signup forms, or via the Contact Management APIs. 
```

Reviewer: Not sure if we can link "Contact Management APIs" to the section below?

You can also find the options to share the signup form in the form editor by clicking **Share Code** in the top-right corner of the editor. 

## Export contacts

To view the contents of a contact list, you can export the list to a CSV and download it to your computer.

*To export contacts:*

1. Navigate to the Contacts page within the Automation Beta experience.
1. Locate the contact list you want to export and click the action menu.
1. Select **Export**. The Export page appears with a list of all current and previous exports. 
1. From here you can find the exported contact list and select the action menu. 
1. Select the **Download CSV** icon next to the list to download the contact list to your computer. 

<call-out type="warning">

Exported CSV files are only available for download for 72 hours after the export is initialized. 

</call-out>

## Edit or Remove Contacts

> During this early phase of beta, you can only edit contact details from the All Contacts page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
During this early phase of beta, you can only view and edit contact details from the All Contacts page. In the future you'll be able to view and edit contact details from lists. You'll also be able to delete contacts. 
```
